Add intro to Procedure in the Hive connector (#11205)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/hive.rst

Procedures
----------

> Use the :doc:`/sql/call` procedure to perform data manipulation or

Reviewer: This should say

Use the CALL statement to perform 

or

Call a procedure to

Reviewer: or even 

CALL a procedure to

Author: I like the first one, PR is updated to reflect the edit.

> Use the :doc:`/sql/call` statement to perform data manipulation or 

Reviewer 2: We should mention that the procedure needs to be qualified with the catalog name. For example, if the catalog is named `hive`, the call should be
```sql
CALL hive.system.example_procedure()

> administrative tasks, such as flushing the metadata caches::

Reviewer: this sentence is now wrong..

>     CALL system.flush_metadata_cache()

Reviewer 3: I don't think this procedure should be spotlighted as the first example.
I'd rather have users not need to use it.

Reviewer 2: You could use a fake name here. `system.example_procedure()`

Author: Updated to a more generic example.

> administrative tasks. Procedures must include a qualified connector name::
> 
>     CALL hive.system.example_procedure()

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
administrative tasks. Procedures must include a qualified catalog name. For example if your Hive catalog is called `web`::

    CALL web.system.example_procedure()
```
